I get a lot of customers asking me what
are the best hair clothes for their
thick hair as they find they have a lot
that slip out or don't hold as well as
they would like
sorry I've got three to show you today
and first of all I'm going to start off
with the rectangle large claw now this
one is one of my favorites I probably
wear it on a daily basis
it's got they're interlocking rounded
teeth she could see there it gives a
really really tight hold and keeps all
of that hair off of your neck which is
really what you want to want from a hair
claw but it's beautiful as you can say
normally I would wear a tortoiseshell or
a mink for my hair color but this is the
silver show and it shows up really nice
on camera so that's why I chose this
color today
this white like I said this holds quite
a lot of hair so probably best for
ladies with thicker longer hair I'll
just show you what it looks like in mine
that's the rectangle large cloth like I
said a really really nice hard you could
say it's very very secure if I wide my
head around like I said I probably wear
this on a daily basis because it does
keep the hair off my neck all day and
it's really comfortable next I wanted to
show you the mon-sol hair clamp this is
for maybe medium to thick hair hold
slightly less hair than the rectangle
ultra that I just showed you and yeah it
just doesn't have as much room in it I
can wear this but it's just not as
stable as a rectangle large cloth
although it does look very pretty so
I'll just show you what it looks like
The Tortoise show color probably doesn't
look great in my head since the camera
is quite dark but you can just get the
gist of the hold of it and like I said
sort of medium to thick hair not as
thick of mine and it looks really really
great in longer curly hair the last guy
I wanted to show you was the tour name
medium claw now this is the less
expensive version of them on so so it
holds roughly the same amount of hair as
a monster I can just show you in
comparison
they probably hold the same amount of
hair again I can wear this not the
staple as the rectangle large claw but
it does stay in my hair and it's a
really nice comfortable hold so I just
show you what that looks like
again probably doesn't look brilliant on
camera because it's quite dark but it
does it feels and it feels really nice
nice and comfortable and it does stay
hurt I just prefer the rectangle logic
long as it gives me a bit more just hold
for long badgering as I don't have to
redo my hair at all I just forget that
it's there so that's my top three hair
clothes for thick hair hope you enjoyed
the video and I'll speak to you soon